what I saw the idea of reads that to
every time to be able to have a vision
complementary in various fields so
the economic agronomic domain
scientist and landscapers so the
different stakeholders bring this
look at this look at the participants on a
same theme so the forest landscape
today a priori everything tells us
that on saint goussaud there was very
little forest was all grown and at
twentieth century when the railroad is
arrived there were whole trains that
went with vegetables 2 5 inches to
carrots
that you wish famous for
carrots and for cereals
laugh at agriculture that today finally
in 1970 we had 19 thousand
farmers
nineteen thousand farmers who had
on average 19 hectares today
we have four thousand five hundred
farmers but the average of a
part of a farm its 104 hectares in
digs but today we find ourselves
with peasants who of course have the
Hollow that have surfaces on fire
the u19 peasants on the village
today at 0 peasants the land
are still exploited but the seats
operating at the popular
we have about 50 thousand hectares of
resinous
so there remains 100 thousand hectares of
hardwood on its hundred thousand hectares
leaf it is estimated that she was twenty
thousand who have always existed right at
left so you have 90 hectare is
Africa actually balboa the
haddock wood so he's really
in the economic circuit far in the
delirium know the game it will be soon
Sunday you have one that will move
than for 10 hectares and was worth 4
hectares you will have plants and they
will have to fall alone I come
of the region of marseille
so it's not at all the same region
who if I come here to know how to read
the landscape because it's a landscape
that I have not seen before I can
not compare it because to empty the
different bed much richer
much wetter
I am interested in plant species in
evolution that can not be perceived
because we are in a time when I am
says sell and it's happening in an angle
wide etc for including the report
between man and nature and nature
and the space created by the living
finally